DEV-1012: Update README to conform to new style guide (#39)
Dwolla/dwolla-v2-csharp: README.md

# Dwolla SDK for C#

This repository contains the source code for Dwolla's C#-based SDK, which allows developers to
interact with Dwolla's server-side API via a C# API. Any action that can be performed via an HTTP
request can be made using this SDK when executed within a server-side environment.

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Initialization](#initialization)
    - [Tokens](#tokens)
- [Making Requests](#making-requests)

>   - [Low-level Requests](#low-level-requests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Low-Level Requests](#low-level-requests)
```

    - [Setting Headers](#setting-headers)
    - [GET](#get)
    - [POST](#post)
    - [DELETE](#delete)
  - [Example App](#example-app)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Community](#community)
- [Additional Resources](#additional-resources)

## Getting Started

### Installation

To begin using this SDK, you will first need to download it to your machine. We use
[NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Dwolla.Client) to distribute this package. Check out the
[Microsoft](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/install-use-packages-visual-studio)

> docs for more information on how to install and manage packages from Nuget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation for more information on how to install and manage packages from Nuget using Visual Studio.
```

Here's an example using the
[Package Manager Console](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/install-use-packages-powershell?view=vsmac-2022)

```shell
$ Install-Package Dwolla.Client -Version 5.2.2
```

### Initialization

Before any API requests can be made, you must first determine which environment you will be using,
as well as fetch the application key and secret. To fetch your application key and secret, please
visit one of the following links:

- Production: https://dashboard.dwolla.com/applications
- Sandbox: https://dashboard-sandbox.dwolla.com/applications

Finally, you can create an instance of `Client` with `key` and `secret` replaced with the

> application key and secret that you fetched from one of the aforementioned links, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can create an instance of `DwollaClient` by specifying which environment you will be using—Production or Sandbox—via the `isSandbox` boolean flag.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

var client = DwollaClient.Create(isSandbox: true);
```

#### Tokens

Application access tokens are used to authenticate against the API on behalf of an application.
Application tokens can be used to access resources in the API that either belong to the application
itself (`webhooks`, `events`, `webhook-subscriptions`) or the Dwolla Account that owns the
application (`accounts`, `customers`, `funding-sources`, etc.). Application tokens are obtained by
using the [`client_credentials`](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.4) OAuth grant type:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

var tokenRes = await client.PostAuthAsync<AppTokenRequest, TokenResponse>(
    new Uri($"{client.AuthBaseAddress}/token"),
    new AppTokenRequest {Key = "...", Secret = "..."});
```

_Application access tokens are short-lived: 1 hour. They do not include a `refresh_token`. When it
expires, generate a new one using `AppTokenRequest`._

## Making Requests

> Once you've created a `Token`, currently, you can make low-level HTTP requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've created a `DwollaClient`, currently, you can make low-level HTTP requests.
```

> ### Low-level Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Low-Level Requests
```

> To make low-level HTTP requests, you can use the `GetAsync()`, `PostAsync()`, `UploadAsync` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make low-level HTTP requests, you can use the `GetAsync()`, `PostAsync()`, `UploadAsync()` and
```

`DeleteAsync()` methods with the available
[request models](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-csharp/blob/main/Dwolla.Client/Models/Requests).
These methods will return responses that can be mapped to one of the available
[response models](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-csharp/blob/main/Dwolla.Client/Models/Responses).

> #### Setting headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Setting Headers
```

> To set headers on a request you can pass a `Headers` object as the last argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify headers for a request (e.g., `Authorization`), you can pass a `Headers` object as the last argument.
```

```

#### `GET`

```csharp
// GET api.dwolla.com/customers
var url = new Uri("https://api.dwolla.com/customers");
client.GetAsync<GetCustomersResponse>(url);
```

#### `POST`

```csharp
// POST api.dwolla.com/customers
var url = new Uri("https://api.dwolla.com/customers/");
var request = new CreateCustomerRequest
{
  FirstName = "Jane",
  LastName = "Doe",
  Email = "jane.doe@email.com"
};
var res = await PostAsync<CreateCustomerRequest, EmptyResponse>(url, request, headers);
//res.Response.Headers.Location => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/fc451a7a-ae30-4404-aB95-e3553fcd733f

// POST api.dwolla.com/customers/{id}/documents multipart/form-data foo=...
var url = new Uri("https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/{id}/documents");
var request = new UploadDocumentRequest
{
    DocumentType = "idCard",
    Document = new File
    {
        ContentType = "image/png",
        Filename = "filename.jpg",
        Stream = fileStream
    }
};
client.UploadAsync<UploadDocumentRequest, EmptyResponse>(url, request, headers);
```

#### `DELETE`

```csharp
// DELETE api.dwolla.com/resource
var url = "https://api.dwolla.com/labels/{id}"
client.DeleteAsync<object>(url, null);
```

> ### Example app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example App
```

> Take a look at the
> [Example Application](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-csharp/tree/master/ExampleApp) for
> examples on how to use the available models to call the API. Set your DWOLLA_APP_KEY and
> DWOLLA_APP_SECRET environment variables to run the CLI app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a look at the
[Example Application](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-csharp/tree/master/ExampleApp) for
examples on how to use the available C# models to call the Dwolla API. Before you can begin using the app, however, you will need to specify a `DWOLLA_APP_KEY` and
`DWOLLA_APP_SECRET` environment variable.
```
